These two beasts can't hold their farts together
Conspiracy dog thing
They seem to be waiting for someone
What documents need to be secretly crossed outside?
This document should be relevant to the next plan
This beast seems to be going back to Lin Xi
You have to go back quickly
Lin Xi, it's getting late
Or should I take you in?
Just say I picked you up
No, you can't expose it yet
Chu Minghua is not stupid
In that case
He'll notice what happened at the hospital that day
What to do then?
I can't watch you die
Don't worry, I'll adapt
Just try it
Does he dare to attack me at home?
If you dare not
Explain all his unfilial piety
No, I can't put you at risk
But if you don't even know his plan
This is the most dangerous
You'd better not have the idea of dying together
You have children
Parents and us
Yeah, you mustn't do anything stupid.
So Wen Hao and I are near your house
Send us a message if you're safe
We only give you an hour.
If you don't come out
I'll go in and save you, don't worry.
I promise you I will never take the risk
If they find us
Hurry up and find it for me
Go!
Sir?
Missy
Why did you get out?